Guys welcome back.
So now that we have our error messages out incorrectly.
I said we're going to make the form remember your values so that if you improve your e-mail for example
and there's a problem with it you won't have to start from scratch in interpreting again it will remember
your value from the previous submission.
Before we do that though we're going to fix one problem and briefly addressed in a last video at the
moment with the error messages.
If you make a small change to this you have to remember to go and change it in in the register handler
class on the edge of each class.
I mean because they use names you look for must match exactly with the user name you put into the area.
So we're going to fix that because the best way to do it would be if this only existed in one place.
So that way if you made change we wouldn't have to go and change it elsewhere.
It's a really simple thing to do.
Just create a new class so new file.
Click save.
And we can save it in the classis folder so includes classes and then save it as a constant stop BHP
Constance with an open case.
Okay.
Click save and our kreeger page pre-tax and then inside that class constants.
And that's it.
There's no constructer in this class.
So this is kind of all we need to do.
This is going to contain all of our message strings so we can just say public static.
Explain what this means in a minute let's call this.
Passwords do not match.
Equals.
And then this is going to be the rest for a passwords do not match.
So go into account our BHP and go validate passwords.
And this is the this is the is for when your passwords don't match.
So passwords do not match.
Right.
And what this does this public means is available from outside the class.
The static means you don't have to create an instance of the class first.
What that means is with Account class when we are into called the functions for example when we when
we would call the register function we have to create an instance of the Account class.
Right.
This account equals new account like that.
That's that's called Creating an instant with static functions in a static members we don't have to
create instances of those classes.
So you'll see how that works when we use it before and just copy and paste it again probably have a
bunch more time because we have all these error messages we have put in there.
So let's go with it on the passwords one copy and paste this.
And this is for password contain names of letters.
So let's call this one password not offer a numeric cellphone America's What do the checking for pay
say in our next one.
Speyside the next line down passwords must be between 5 and 10 characters.
So can you say password.
Characters.
Okay next one email is invalid Constance.
Next one down.
E-mail is valid.
E-mails don't match.
Yes yes in there.
All this e-mails will split right emails do not matter.
A date.
Last name.
You can do is call this.
The last name carried two is the same for first name.
First name characters.
And finally the user name.
Pace.
Then there are four user name characters.
I think that's it for now.
We of obviously we do have these two checks we still need to do.
So we'll have two more our messages to output.
But for now that's to get rid of these last three women too many.
And that's the case now instead of manually typing the string in we can get it from here.
Can you share the word now.
So firstly we have to include this constans file to go back to registers up HP at the top underneath
the.
This part we're going to include classes.
It should be punsters stop HP in this will our stressfully use it and then the accounts class instead
of inserting this string here are actually going to insert constants in double colon and then what do
we call it for the username e username characters.
So where we're here they'll assign username characters to Sly that this is how we're going to call it.
But that's also how to check for it.
So I we check for that error message instead of checking for this.
We'll check for this.
So in both cases when insur And when we try and look for the error we're checking for the variable and
the variable points to this.
So if we change this now to six characters or twenty six characters then we won't have to go on a date
anywhere else.
So already is a much needed a way of doing it.
So just to make sure that worked before you and all the others will just check it out here.
So do a username that's too small.
Fill these in.
See there's a message.
So now this is a case of going through and completing those for the rest of them.
So same thing here.
Constance colon Caroline and the double colon by the way.
Just like the Arrow.
So when a register handler we use an arrow to call the function.
The arrow is when you have an instance of the class whereas double cones when you don't have an instance
because it's static.
This is static.
We don't need to create an instance of this class to use these.
Okay.
That doesn't mean that you don't worry about dialect confuse you or we need to know is if the functional
memory is static.
We use this double koan to call it.
So we changed all of these now.
First name characters of first and characters and copy that put it in to read see stood up HP.
There is a saying for last name counters.
Copy and paste that and I would just call that last name.
Practices change after last name characters.
Same here.
Man this is going to be emails don't match which seems do not match.
So replace the name of that copy and paste all this and put it into account of HP as well.
Your e-mails don't match.
Next one is e-mail is invalid.
So pay samier changed the name to email invalid account the HP email invalid copy that.
Paste in here.
Okay next one is and is your passwords don't match.
Paste that in there.
Change this to passwords do not match their copy of S and paste it in here as well.
Two more to go.
So paste this there.
This is the one for them and critters so passwords now from Iraq a site that copy this is a bit repetitive
I know but bear with me nearly done and one more there.
And this is going to be password characters password characters and then finally put that in here as
well.
And that is it.
So no different result for a visual perspective it does exactly the same things it did before.
But this is a much cleaner way because we're no longer checking for the strings manually We are using
their static numbers which contain no strings which means if we do ever one to make change to the wording
slightly or having to change the message at all then we have to do in one place now.